19.11.25 My initial idea for this Project:
So, here's a full long story. I met my ex, and he loved philosophy and used to get so passionate about it! He valued absurdism, so I did too. Once we broke up, I noticed that I then started to lean more towards absurdism's counterpart: Nihilsm. It led me to do things I'm not proud of, that I'm still dealing with the consequences of. But I also noticed how society is currently also becoming slightly more nihilistic, we can assume social media has amplified these tendencies. 
I thought this project to be a prefect opportunity to explore this subject, this side of myself, and this side of society. I'm expecting the execution of it and the final project to not align with the initial idea. Don't hate me! I'm just a girl who day dreams, has big dreams yet loves to procrastinate, having fun!

I want this web art to have a gothic romanticism aesthetic. In my spare time, I've drawn little figures, I'm no fancy artistic but they're cute, and I want to include them in the art style. I've been inspired by Junji Ito's art, specifically Tomie. Other things that I was inspired by which I'll expand on a little more later is JODI, A Fine and Private Place (Book), Ready Player One (The Easter Egg concept).
Each page will have misleading, disappearing words. Some can be seen and stay only once you put the cursor over them, others move positions and you have to click on them as fast as possible, others take you to different pages, and one of them includes an Easter Egg (I don't really know what that easter egg is right now, but fun idea). I was thinking of making my little characters lead you to doors that take you to random places, and if you click on the characters a certain amount of times, then they can die or glitch and then morph into something really ugly.
The trick is that every time the user tries to beat the system, the system just gets harder and harder; the looping puzzles explore nihilism by mimics the spiraling from interpersonal issues and the website eventually breaks down to a white void that you can only escape by finding a code. I was also thinking of adding audio where there's a distortive noise like in Slenderman, but it's basically where the more you click, the louder it gets - the website starts of quiet as a mouse. The only way of stopping this is by defeating or loosing in a little digital game like pacman.
I haven't yet started accumulating any of the attributes needed for this project, it is only now that I am writing this up. I'm feeling overwhelmed with it all, as this is my first time coding. And I usually take hours to code with the help of YouTube or p5.js, but I want to take my own inititiave and look at class materials, W3Schools and not depend so much on other people's projects or ideas, rather the code itself. This will be a good learning experience for me one way or another, and the research is always the most fun for me within a project.
I'll look into more case studies like JODI, and I'll include them all in a whiteboard that I'll also submit with my project hopefully. I'll also include books I've read, and movies I watch. A Fine and Private Place was a comfort book during my breakup, as it's beautifully written and has an underlying theme of asburdism. It centers a homeless guy who talks to lonely ghosts who dive into a useless romance. A movie I recently watched, which will be interesting to link to nihilism is Frankenstein (2025). The more research I do, the more I feel secure in going forth with this project. I'll also be experimenting on my web art draft, while I progress with this one.